c:\users\zachary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Not NeuroRacer\Not NeuroRacer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x86\SDL2.dll
c:\users\zachary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Not NeuroRacer\Not NeuroRacer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x64\SDL2.dll
c:\users\zachary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Not NeuroRacer\Not NeuroRacer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x86\soft_oal.dll
c:\users\zachary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Not NeuroRacer\Not NeuroRacer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x64\soft_oal.dll
c:\users\zachary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Not NeuroRacer\Not NeuroRacer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x86\libSDL2-2.0.so.0
c:\users\zachary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Not NeuroRacer\Not NeuroRacer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x64\libSDL2-2.0.so.0
c:\users\zachary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Not NeuroRacer\Not NeuroRacer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x86\libopenal.so.1
c:\users\zachary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Not NeuroRacer\Not NeuroRacer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x64\libopenal.so.1
c:\users\zachary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Not NeuroRacer\Not NeuroRacer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\libSDL2-2.0.0.dylib
c:\users\zachary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Not NeuroRacer\Not NeuroRacer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\libopenal.1.dylib
c:\users\zachary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Not NeuroRacer\Not NeuroRacer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll.config
c:\users\zachary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Not NeuroRacer\Not NeuroRacer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Not NeuroRacer.exe
c:\users\zachary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Not NeuroRacer\Not NeuroRacer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Not NeuroRacer.pdb
c:\users\zachary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Not NeuroRacer\Not NeuroRacer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\zachary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Not NeuroRacer\Not NeuroRacer\obj\Debug\Not NeuroRacer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\zachary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Not NeuroRacer\Not NeuroRacer\obj\Debug\Not NeuroRacer.exe
c:\users\zachary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Not NeuroRacer\Not NeuroRacer\obj\Debug\Not NeuroRacer.pdb
c:\users\zachary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Not NeuroRacer\Not NeuroRacer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\right_shape.xnb
c:\users\zachary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Not NeuroRacer\Not NeuroRacer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\wrong_shape.xnb
C:\Users\Zachary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Not NeuroRacer\Not NeuroRacer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\right_shape.png
C:\Users\Zachary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Not NeuroRacer\Not NeuroRacer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\wrong_shape.png
C:\Users\Zachary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Not NeuroRacer\Not NeuroRacer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\results.csv
C:\Users\Zachary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Not NeuroRacer\Not NeuroRacer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\MonoGame.Extended.dll
C:\Users\Zachary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Not NeuroRacer\Not NeuroRacer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Zachary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Not NeuroRacer\Not NeuroRacer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\MonoGame.Extended.pdb
C:\Users\Zachary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Not NeuroRacer\Not NeuroRacer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Zachary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Not NeuroRacer\Not NeuroRacer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\sprites.xnb
C:\Users\Zachary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Not NeuroRacer\Not NeuroRacer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\left-arrow.xnb
C:\Users\Zachary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Not NeuroRacer\Not NeuroRacer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\right-arrow.xnb
C:\Users\Zachary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Not NeuroRacer\Not NeuroRacer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\descriptionFont.xnb
C:\Users\Zachary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Not NeuroRacer\Not NeuroRacer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\titleFont.xnb
C:\Users\Zachary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Not NeuroRacer\Not NeuroRacer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\instruction_screen.xnb
C:\Users\Zachary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Not NeuroRacer\Not NeuroRacer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\greenpentagon.xnb
C:\Users\Zachary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Not NeuroRacer\Not NeuroRacer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\greensquare.xnb
C:\Users\Zachary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Not NeuroRacer\Not NeuroRacer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\purplepentagon.xnb
C:\Users\Zachary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Not NeuroRacer\Not NeuroRacer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\purplesquare.xnb
